joel people I'm the one of the
Chancellor has come here at one
small announcement concerning the
community hans tonight at 8pm until
22 o'clock as always we write the 14 04
and if you like, you can
with alba and me this time next
record a terrain in
which will be alba century
also recognized by us or crawler one
probably hair works as well
again I know computer trade
but not exactly, but I'll go
it just looks on his
channel understanding regarding info wanted
write on facebook anyway
We have, as always, the infos are
actually the same as the last one
weeks if so more detailed information
Want to see the latest information
also to that are two pieces of the first
agree most extensively as always please
no op manger make the ring
Level 1 and accordingly he should
Of course, that does not have to do with the
scare viral weapons or the
run bracken videos weapons
something like that act otherwise they go
It's there in two minutes and is
Of course a shit let's play and
in this regard, simply no
more information is available right now
always no offense and that and so
when you are finished expert
independently just ran the room
because just anyone be out small and
I also shine with it
could be a bit too
hold back so the other chance
but if you look and the
service career but come for it
nevertheless prevent doldrums are doing
that we do not have to wait
yes I am looking forward to you
The cult has been determined each time
been really funny
the last successful with that
watch out together synchro made it
or on growth but it was just
event quest and the but I would
happy if today again with some
be there and accordingly would
I say until this evening 20 to 22 o'clock
I look forward to you had you well
with albioni